androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
com/facebook/fbcore/R.java
 com.facebook.fbcore.R
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
com/zoontek/rnbootsplash/R.java
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R$anim
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R$attr
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R$bool
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R$color
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R$dimen
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R$drawable
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R$id
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R$integer
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R$layout
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R$string
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R$style
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R$styleable
 com.zoontek.rnbootsplash.R$xml
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/ashmem/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$styleable
com/facebook/imagepipelinebase/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$attr
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$color
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$dimen
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$drawable
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$id
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$integer
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$layout
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$string
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$style
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
io/invertase/firebase/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.R
 io.invertase.firebase.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.R$xml
com/facebook/imagepipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$color
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$dimen
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$drawable
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$integer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$layout
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$string
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$style
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
com/reactnativecommunity/picker/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$xml
com/facebook/fresco/stetho/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$styleable
com/th3rdwave/safeareacontext/R.java
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$anim
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$attr
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$bool
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$color
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$dimen
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$drawable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$id
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$integer
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$layout
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$string
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$style
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$styleable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$xml
com/facebook/drawee/backends/pipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$color
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$dimen
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$drawable
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$integer
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$layout
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$string
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$style
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/database/collection/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$color
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$id
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$string
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$style
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/facebook/fresco/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.soloader.R
com/facebook/react/R.java
 com.facebook.react.R
 com.facebook.react.R$anim
 com.facebook.react.R$attr
 com.facebook.react.R$bool
 com.facebook.react.R$color
 com.facebook.react.R$dimen
 com.facebook.react.R$drawable
 com.facebook.react.R$id
 com.facebook.react.R$integer
 com.facebook.react.R$layout
 com.facebook.react.R$string
 com.facebook.react.R$style
 com.facebook.react.R$styleable
 com.facebook.react.R$xml
com/facebook/nativefilters/R.java
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$attr
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$color
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$dimen
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$drawable
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$id
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$integer
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$layout
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$string
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$style
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$styleable
org/reactnative/maskedview/R.java
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$anim
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$attr
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$bool
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$color
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$dimen
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$drawable
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$id
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$integer
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$layout
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$string
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$style
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$styleable
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$xml
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
com/facebook/flipper/plugins/fresco/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/seturapp/ReactNativeFlipper.java
 com.seturapp.ReactNativeFlipper
 com.seturapp.ReactNativeFlipper$1
 com.seturapp.ReactNativeFlipper$2
 com.seturapp.ReactNativeFlipper$2$1
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
com/seturapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.seturapp.BuildConfig
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
com/oblador/vectoricons/R.java
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$anim
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$attr
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$bool
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$color
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$dimen
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$drawable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$id
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$integer
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$layout
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$string
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$style
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$styleable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/installations/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/simple/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/facebook/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.soloader.R
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/google/firebase/database/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.R
 com.google.firebase.database.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.database.R$color
 com.google.firebase.database.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.database.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.database.R$id
 com.google.firebase.database.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.database.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.database.R$string
 com.google.firebase.database.R$style
 com.google.firebase.database.R$styleable
com/facebook/imagepipeline/backends/okhttp3/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.backends.okhttp3.R
com/seturapp/MainApplication.java
 com.seturapp.MainApplication
 com.seturapp.MainApplication$1
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/swmansion/rnscreens/R.java
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$anim
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$animator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$attr
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$bool
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$color
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$id
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$integer
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$interpolator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$layout
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$plurals
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$string
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$style
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$xml
com/seturapp/MainActivity.java
 com.seturapp.MainActivity
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/nativememory/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$styleable
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
com/facebook/imagepipeline/nativecode/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$attr
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$color
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$dimen
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$drawable
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$id
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$integer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$layout
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$string
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$style
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/iid/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.R
com/reactnativecommunity/netinfo/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$xml
com/swmansion/reanimated/R.java
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$anim
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$attr
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$bool
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$color
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$id
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$integer
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$layout
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$string
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$style
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$xml
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
com/facebook/flipper/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.R
 com.facebook.flipper.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/flipper/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
com/facebook/flipper/plugins/network/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$styleable
com/facebook/react/PackageList.java
 com.facebook.react.PackageList
com/facebook/fresco/ui/common/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.ui.common.R
com/facebook/drawee/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.R
 com.facebook.drawee.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.R$color
 com.facebook.drawee.R$dimen
 com.facebook.drawee.R$drawable
 com.facebook.drawee.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.R$integer
 com.facebook.drawee.R$layout
 com.facebook.drawee.R$string
 com.facebook.drawee.R$style
 com.facebook.drawee.R$styleable
org/webkit/androidjsc/R.java
 org.webkit.androidjsc.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
com/google/firebase/firebase_core/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_core.R
com/reactnativecommunity/webview/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.webview.R$xml
com/facebook/nativeimagetranscoder/R.java
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$attr
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$color
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$dimen
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$drawable
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$id
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$integer
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$layout
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$string
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$style
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
io/invertase/firebase/database/R.java
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R$anim
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R$attr
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R$bool
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R$color
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R$dimen
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R$drawable
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R$id
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R$integer
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R$layout
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R$string
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R$style
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R$styleable
 io.invertase.firebase.database.R$xml
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/seturapp/R.java
 com.seturapp.R
 com.seturapp.R$anim
 com.seturapp.R$animator
 com.seturapp.R$attr
 com.seturapp.R$bool
 com.seturapp.R$color
 com.seturapp.R$dimen
 com.seturapp.R$drawable
 com.seturapp.R$id
 com.seturapp.R$integer
 com.seturapp.R$interpolator
 com.seturapp.R$layout
 com.seturapp.R$mipmap
 com.seturapp.R$plurals
 com.seturapp.R$string
 com.seturapp.R$style
 com.seturapp.R$styleable
 com.seturapp.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
com/google/firebase/installations/interop/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
com/swmansion/gesturehandler/react/R.java
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$anim
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$attr
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$bool
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$color
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$id
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$integer
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$layout
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$string
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$style
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$xml
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
